hybrid agent release. (#17518)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile/mobile-sdk/configure-settings.mdx

                ```
            </td>
        </tr>
         <tr>
            <td>
                Enable or disable background reporting when application goes to the background state.

            </td>
            <td>

                Background reporting is disabled by default. To enable it, add the following feature flag:

                ```typescript

>                  backgroundReportingEnabled:true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                 backgroundReportingEnabled: true
```

                ```

>                 Prerequisites in your iOS app project to use background instrumentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                To use background instrumentation, you'll need the following in your iOS app project:
```

>                 - Add the key `Permitted background task scheduler identifiers` with an array including an item containing your apps bundle Id.

Reviewer: @ndesai-newrelic Can you provide an example of this?

>                 - Add the key `Permitted background task scheduler identifiers` with an array including an item containing your apps bundle Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                - In your app's `Info.plist` file, add the key "Permitted background task scheduler identifiers". This key should be an array containing a single string value, which is your app's bundle identifier.
```

>                 - Enable **Background Fetch** and **Background Processing** in the **Background Modes** section of the Xcode project capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                - In the **Background Modes** section of Xcode project capabilities, enable **Background Fetch** and **Background Processing**.
```

                Offline storage is enabled by default. To disable it, add the following feature flag:

                ```typescript
                OFFLINE_STORAGE_ENABLED = "false"
                ```
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                Enable or disable background reporting when application goes to the background state.

            </td>
            <td>

                Background reporting is disabled by default. To enable it, add the following feature flag:

                ```typescript
                 BACKGROUND_REPORTING_ENABLED = "true"
                ```

>                 Prerequisites in your iOS app project to use background instrumentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                To use background instrumentation, you'll need the following in your iOS app project:
```

>                 - Add the key `Permitted background task scheduler identifiers` with an array including an item containing your apps bundle Id.

Reviewer: Need to add an example

>                 - Add the key `Permitted background task scheduler identifiers` with an array including an item containing your apps bundle Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                - In your app's `Info.plist` file, add the key "Permitted background task scheduler identifiers". This key should be an array containing a single string value, which is your app's bundle identifier.
```

>                 - Enable **Background Fetch** and **Background Processing** in the **Background Modes** section of the Xcode project capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                - In the **Background Modes** section of Xcode project capabilities, enable **Background Fetch** and **Background Processing**.
```

```csharp
 using NewRelic.MAUI.Plugin;
...

    public static MauiApp CreateMauiApp()
	{
		var builder = MauiApp.CreateBuilder();
		builder
			.UseMauiApp<App>()
			.ConfigureFonts(fonts =>
			{
				fonts.AddFont("OpenSans-Regular.ttf", "OpenSansRegular");
				fonts.AddFont("OpenSans-Semibold.ttf", "OpenSansSemibold");
			});

        builder.ConfigureLifecycleEvents(AppLifecycle => {
        #if ANDROID
            AppLifecycle.AddAndroid(android => android
               .OnCreate((activity, savedInstanceState) => StartNewRelic()));
        #endif
        #if IOS

             AppLifecycle.AddiOS(iOS => iOS.WillFinishLaunching((_,__) => {
                StartNewRelic();
                return false;
            }));
        #endif
        });
		return builder.Build();
	}

    private static void StartNewRelic()
    {

      CrossNewRelic.Current.HandleUncaughtException();

      // Set optional agent configuration

>       // Options are: crashReportingEnabled, loggingEnabled, logLevel, collectorAddress, crashCollectorAddress,analyticsEventEnabled, networkErrorRequestEnabled, networkRequestEnabled, interactionTracingEnabled,webViewInstrumentation, fedRampEnabled,offlineStorageEnabled,newEventSystemEnabled,backgroundReportingEnabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // Options are: crashReportingEnabled, loggingEnabled, logLevel, collectorAddress, crashCollectorAddress,analyticsEventEnabled, networkErrorRequestEnabled, networkRequestEnabled, interactionTracingEnabled, webViewInstrumentation, fedRampEnabled, offlineStorageEnabled, newEventSystemEnabled, backgroundReportingEnabled
```

      // AgentStartConfiguration agentConfig = new AgentStartConfiguration(crashReportingEnabled:false);

      if (DeviceInfo.Current.Platform == DevicePlatform.Android)
      {
        CrossNewRelic.Current.Start("<APP-TOKEN-HERE>");
        // Start with optional agent configuration

>         // CrossNewRelic.Current.Start("<APP-TOKEN-HERE", agentConfig);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // CrossNewRelic.Current.Start("<APP-TOKEN-HERE>", agentConfig);
```

>         // CrossNewRelic.Current.Start("<APP-TOKEN-HERE", agentConfig);
>       } else if (DeviceInfo.Current.Platform == DevicePlatform.iOS)
>       {
>         CrossNewRelic.Current.Start("<APP-TOKEN-HERE>");
>         // Start with optional agent configuration
>         // CrossNewRelic.Current.Start("<APP-TOKEN-HERE", agentConfig);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // CrossNewRelic.Current.Start("<APP-TOKEN-HERE", agentConfig);
      } else if (DeviceInfo.Current.Platform == DevicePlatform.iOS)
      {
        CrossNewRelic.Current.Start("<APP-TOKEN-HERE>");
        // Start with optional agent configuration
        // CrossNewRelic.Current.Start("<APP-TOKEN-HERE>", agentConfig);
```

                ```
            </td>
        </tr>
         <tr>
            <td>
                Enable or disable background reporting when application goes to the background state.

            </td>
            <td>

                Background reporting is disabled by default. To enable it, add the following feature flag:

                ```csharp
                 backgroundReportingEnabled: true
                ```

>                 Prerequisites in your iOS app project to use background instrumentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                To use background instrumentation, you'll need the following in your iOS app project:
```

>                 - Add the key `Permitted background task scheduler identifiers` with an array including an item containing your apps bundle Id.

Reviewer: Add example

>                 - Add the key `Permitted background task scheduler identifiers` with an array including an item containing your apps bundle Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                - In your app's `Info.plist` file, add the key "Permitted background task scheduler identifiers". This key should be an array containing a single string value, which is your app's bundle identifier.
```

            <td>
                Offline storage is enabled by default. To disable it, add the following feature flag:

                ```dart
                offlineStorageEnabled: false
                ```
            </td>
        </tr>
       <tr>
            <td>
                Enable or disable background reporting when application goes to the background state.

            </td>
            <td>

                Background reporting is disabled by default. To enable it, add the following feature flag:

                ```typescript
                 backgroundReportingEnabled: true
                ```

>                 Prerequisites in your iOS app project to use background instrumentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                To use background instrumentation, you'll need the following in your iOS app project:
```

>                 - Add the key `Permitted background task scheduler identifiers` with an array including an item containing your apps bundle Id.

Reviewer: Need to add an example

>                 - Add the key `Permitted background task scheduler identifiers` with an array including an item containing your apps bundle Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                - In your app's `Info.plist` file, add the key "Permitted background task scheduler identifiers". This key should be an array containing a single string value, which is your app's bundle identifier.
```

>                 - Enable **Background Fetch** and **Background Processing** in the **Background Modes** section of the Xcode project capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                - In the **Background Modes** section of Xcode project capabilities, enable **Background Fetch** and **Background Processing**.
```

                ```
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                Enable or disable background reporting when application goes to the background state.

            </td>
            <td>

                Background reporting is disabled by default. To enable it, add the following feature flag:

                ```typescript
                 backgroundReportingEnabled: true
                ```

>                 Prerequisites in your iOS app project to use background instrumentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                To use background instrumentation, you'll need the following in your iOS app project:
```

>                 - Add the key `Permitted background task scheduler identifiers` with an array including an item containing your apps bundle Id.

Reviewer: Need to add an example

>                 - Add the key `Permitted background task scheduler identifiers` with an array including an item containing your apps bundle Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                - In your app's `Info.plist` file, add the key "Permitted background task scheduler identifiers". This key should be an array containing a single string value, which is your app's bundle identifier.
```

>                 - Enable **Background Fetch** and **Background Processing** in the **Background Modes** section of the Xcode project capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                - In the **Background Modes** section of Xcode project capabilities, enable **Background Fetch** and **Background Processing**.
```

            <td>
                Offline storage is enabled by default. To disable it, add the following feature flag:

                ```csharp
                offlineStorageEnabled: false
                ```
            </td>
        </tr>
               <tr>
            <td>
                Enable or disable background reporting when application goes to the background state.

            </td>
            <td>

                Background reporting is disabled by default. To enable it, add the following feature flag:

                ```csharp
                 backgroundReportingEnabled: true
                ```

>                 Prerequisites in your iOS app project to use background instrumentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                To use background instrumentation, you'll need the following in your iOS app project:
```

>                 - Add the key `Permitted background task scheduler identifiers` with an array including an item containing your apps bundle Id.

Reviewer: Need to add an example

Author: ![Screenshot 2024-06-07 at 11 45 34 AM (1)](https://github.com/newrelic/docs-website/assets/89222514/f4952ff3-a729-4537-87ad-aacc11153c92)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                - In your app's `Info.plist` file, add the key "Permitted background task scheduler identifiers". This key should be an array containing a single string value, which is your app's bundle identifier.
```
